what are you thinkin I'm
thinking that the Leopards
really have me to kill told look
at what i get to do
yeah I get to work with big cats
in the wild but most the time
cats like your house cat you
know what is your house cat to
exactly what it wants to do and
you just hoping for that
incredible moment of play
between the Cubs the tenderness
between mom and cub and it's
just a waiting game close we are
there's one other cups over
there you get kinda nervous
because she looks right out
batchi winches 10 feet away
you don't know what you're
thinking
but I work with rose that know
these animals and they let me
know what is saved and what is
unsafe and we spend sometimes
all day with them from dawn to
does majesty of these animals
when you see them in the wild
when they're free and come
face-to-face with the leopard
edge just an incredible feeling
that never gets old